docs: fix links, images and typos (#5586)
webdriverio/webdriverio: docs/CustomServices.md

> export const launcher = Launcher
> ```

> We really appreciate every new plugin that could help other people run better tests! If you have created such a plugin, please create a Pull Request to our [configuration utility](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/blob/master/packages/wdio-cli/src/commands/config.js) so that your package will be suggested whenever someone runs `wdio config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We really appreciate every new plugin that could help other people run better tests! If you have created such a plugin, please create a Pull Request to our [configuration utility](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/blob/master/packages/wdio-cli/src/constants.js#L82-L108) so that your package will be suggested whenever someone runs `wdio config`.
```
